you know in happier news tonight was cma
night here on ABC all the biggest stars
were there to celebrate
country music while we still have a
country Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy yeah I have a
surprise for your birthday oh okay good
give it to me okay ladies and gentlemen
on Jimmy's birthday please welcome
Grammy Award winner
Maris Morris
Wow that was its Maren Morris Guillermo
not Marus Morris
wait a minute Marin how are you here
aren't you supposed to be in Nashville
for the CMAs tonight I am but I'm also
here oh how is that possible all right
um you know Jimmy I watch you every
night I know everything about you
well thank you thank you so to celebrate
your life tonight I decided to write a
song about you really well that's
tonight should I sit on the floor
comfortable all right okay all right
are you gonna do it now we're gonna do
it now all right well okay so here's
Marin Mars with the birthday song for me
the day is finally here
it's the best day of the year are you
ready one two three four James Kristen
Kimball born November 13th 1967 is an
American television ho
and producer he's the host and executive
producer Jimmy Kimmel
a late-night talk show that premiered on
ABC January 26 2003 in Hollywood
excuse me one sec I'm sorry interrupting
the song sounds kind of awesome yeah
also though in a little bit it sounds
like you're just reading my Wikipedia
page what are you implying
I'm not implying anything I'm just
saying it's kind of the songs a little
bit Wikipedia II you know it doesn't
really rhyme or anything like that
I'm sorry never am I go on you finish
I'm I'm sorry go ahead
good I shouldn't be criticizing my gift
okay early life and family
Kamel was born in Brooklyn New York and
grew up in the neighborhood of male face
as the eldest of three children of Joan
I econo a homemaker and James John
senior vice president at American
Express and also idea
it's Kimmel's mother is of Italian
ancestry see reference family migrated
one second please that's definitely from
Wikipedia you even said seem reference
Wikipedia thing okay fine
it is alright I had a really busy week
and I didn't have time to write you a
special a little birthday song so I went
on Wikipedia how old are you anyway
ODEs on Wikipedia 52 years old you're 52
yeah well that's too old for a special
birthday songs also why are you wearing
a stupid hat you gave it to me what do
you mean why am i you were this is your
thing anyways as I was singing Jimmy was
a peanut farmer who in 1976
President of the United States no he did
not win a second term no that's not gay
that's that Jimmy Carter that's from
Jimmy Carter's Wikipedia page he was the
president that is not even my Wikipedia
page
well that's because you messed me up all
right I'm sorry
fine finish the song okay
so happy birthday to my best friend a
guy we all March of 2028 me
[Music]
[Applause]
Wikipedia Wow well thank you I think
Thank You Marin I appreciate that well
what a beautiful song Marin Morris
everybody
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am not allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry